Copy edit pass (#73)
ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial: src/chapters/05-more-about-components.md

It's time to finally work on the rentals listing!

<!-- TODO: add screen shot of the end state -->

> While listing your rentals, you will learn about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While building this list of rental properties, you will learn about:
```
